.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

### Description

<!--
Describe the relevant motivation and context for this change.
Please include a summary of the change as well as the issue that is fixed.
-->

### Changes

<!--
Please describe your code changes in detail for reviewers. Explain the technical solution you have provided and how it addresses the issue at hand.
-->

##### Updated Dependencies
 - None
<!--
Please include any notes that might be helpful for a reviewer to check the dependency changes you might have introduced.
  - gem version update
  - new gem introduced
  - data model update
-->

### Ticket

<!-- Fill in the ticket information with the details of your feature -->
[XX-1234](https://customink.atlassian.net/browse/XX-1234)

### Screenshots

<!--
Please include any screenshots that communicate the visual story of the change that is being made.
-->

### Notes

_Recommended reading: [Code Review guide](https://github.com/customink/guides/blob/master/operations/code-review/README.md)_

<!--
Please include any notes that might be helpful for a reviewer to keep in mind while reading the changes.
-->

### Optional Tasks

<!--
Common, optional tasks are included here in case you forgot something important.
-->

- [ ] Include 🎩 Instructions
- [ ] Update the readme (README.md)
- [ ] Update the API or architecture docs (e.g. docs/api.md)

##### Library-Specific

- [ ] Increment the changelog (CHANGELOG.md)
- [ ] Increment the version number (lib/version.rb)
- [ ] [Release & Tag][release] the version above in Github

[release]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/managing-releases-in-a-repository

##### Performance
- Are there any new queries in your change set that might require new indexes?
- Do any new queries require time-boxing to avoid table-scans when the data grows?

### What GIF Best Describes This Pull Request?

<!--
![](https://i.giphy.com/media/WNuF3KK9NaQ8w/source.gif)
-->

Commit message:

Update PR Template to Include New Description/Overview Guidelines
### Stakeholder Overview

We're in the process of improving the PR template to not only be more useful in writing PRs, but also in reading them. In the future, this will allow us to use them as the basis for automated deployment notifications, changelog aggregation, and other archival and communication purposes.

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

### Stakeholder Overview

<!--
This section should provide a brief overview of the changes and the motivation for the changes in a 
manner friendly to non-technical people and to technical people who don't know the context or are not
subject matter experts on the system or update being made. Consider the logical need for the change, 
as well as the logical effect of the change, particularly as any end-users would experience it.

Good example:
IHP is in the process of updating the way carts get built. This is the core cart creation 
logic that sorts and groups orders into carts. With the upcoming change for the UI, users will 
be able to skip the Press Staging Queue and create a cart based on the flash count for the 
printer they are selecting for.

Good example:
We are currently sending all pageViewTags as custom events to fullstory which results in Fullstory 
throttling Custom Events for our accounts. This prevents us from using custom events for more legitimate 
users (e.g. custom event to track when a user is in test group)
This change is going to help Swag Management to identify sessions of users in Swag Management test group.

Bad example:
change ingress
-->

### Changes

<!--
Please describe your code changes in detail for reviewers. Explain the technical solution you have provided and how it addresses the issue at hand.
-->

##### Updated Dependencies
 - None
<!--
Please include any notes that might be helpful for a reviewer to check the dependency changes you might have introduced.
  - gem version update
  - new gem introduced
  - data model update
-->

### Ticket

<!-- Fill in the ticket information with the details of your feature -->
[XX-1234](https://customink.atlassian.net/browse/XX-1234)

### Screenshots

<!--
Please include any screenshots that communicate the visual story of the change that is being made.
-->

### Notes

_Recommended reading: [Code Review guide](https://github.com/customink/guides/blob/master/operations/code-review/README.md)_

<!--
Please include any notes that might be helpful for a reviewer to keep in mind while reading the changes.
-->

### Optional Tasks

<!--
Common, optional tasks are included here in case you forgot something important.
-->

- [ ] Include 🎩 Instructions
- [ ] Update the readme (README.md)
- [ ] Update the API or architecture docs (e.g. docs/api.md)

##### Library-Specific

- [ ] Increment the changelog (CHANGELOG.md)
- [ ] Increment the version number (lib/version.rb)
- [ ] [Release & Tag][release] the version above in Github

[release]: https://docs.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/managing-releases-in-a-repository

##### Performance
- Are there any new queries in your change set that might require new indexes?
- Do any new queries require time-boxing to avoid table-scans when the data grows?

### What GIF Best Describes This Pull Request?

<!--
![](https://i.giphy.com/media/WNuF3KK9NaQ8w/source.gif)
-->
